Update README.md (#135)
canonical/charmed-etcd-operator: README.md

## Charmed etcd operator
[![CharmHub Badge](https://charmhub.io/charmed-etcd/badge.svg)](https://charmhub.io/charmed-etcd)
[![docs badge](https://app.readthedocs.com/projects/canonical-charmed-etcd/badge/?version=3.6-edge)](https://canonical-charmed-etcd.readthedocs-hosted.com/)

> The Charmed etcd Operator deploys and operates the [etcd](https://etcd.io) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![docs badge](https://app.readthedocs.com/projects/canonical-charmed-etcd/badge/?version=3.6-edge)](https://canonical-charmed-etcd.readthedocs-hosted.com/)

The Charmed etcd Operator deploys and operates the [etcd](https://etcd.io) 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![docs badge](https://app.readthedocs.com/projects/canonical-charmed-etcd/badge/?version=3.6-edge)](https://canonical-charmed-etcd.readthedocs-hosted.com/)
```

> Python project that installs etcd from the [etcd Snap](https://snapcraft.io/charmed-etcd),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python project that installs etcd from the [charmed-etcd snap](https://snapcraft.io/charmed-etcd),
```

and provides life cycle management and event handling.

Charmed etcd is equipped with several features to securely store and scale complicated data workloads,
including TLS encryption, horizontal scaling, password rotation, and easy integration with client applications.

## Basic usage

> Bootstrap a [lxd controller](https://juju.is/docs/olm/lxd#heading--create-a-controller) and create a new Juju model:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bootstrap an [lxd controller](https://juju.is/docs/olm/lxd#heading--create-a-controller) and create a new Juju model:
```

```shell
juju add-model sample-model
```

To deploy a single unit of charmed etcd, run the following command:

```shell
juju deploy charmed-etcd --channel 3.6/edge
```

To deploy charmed etcd with multiple units, specify the number of desired units with the `-n` option:

```shell
juju deploy charmed-etcd --channel 3.6/edge -n 3
```

Charmed etcd can be scaled out using the `juju add-unit` command:

```shell
juju add-unit charmed-etcd -n <num_of_desired_units>
```

For example, to scale a deployment with three etcd units to five, run:

```shell
juju add-unit charmed-etcd -n 2
```

Even when scaling multiple units at the same time, the charmed operator uses a rolling restart 
sequence to make sure the cluster stays available and healthy during the operation.

## Download details

Charmed etcd is shipped in the track `3.6/beta`: [Charmed etcd 3.6](https://charmhub.io/charmed-etcd?channel=3.6/beta)

It is based on the following platform:
- Noble (Ubuntu 24.04)
- Supported architectures: `amd64` and `arm64`.

## Documentation

The [charmed etcd documentation](https://canonical-charmed-etcd.readthedocs-hosted.com) provides a 

> tutorial for basic usage, multiple How-To's for guidance operational topics as well as detailed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tutorial for basic usage, multiple how-to guides about operational topics, and detailed 
```
